M0127CC-611 data formats tutorial (#111)
MicroEJ/docs: Tutorials/tutorialExploreDataSerializationFormats.rst

Explore Data Serialization Formats
==================================

This tutorial highlights some data serialization formats that are provided on MicroEJ Central Repository and their usage through basic code samples.

Intended Audience
-----------------

The audience for this document is Application engineers who want to implement data serialization.

> In addition, this tutorial should be of interest to software architects how are looking for a suitable data format for their use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, this tutorial should be of interest to software architects whow are looking for a suitable data format for their use case.
```

XML
---

> `XML (EXtensible Markup Language) <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XML>`_ is used to describe data and text. It allows flexible development of user-defined document types. The format is robust, non-proprietary, persistent and is verifiable for storage and transmission. To parse this data format, several XML Pull parsers are available, such as `KXmlParser <http://kxml.org/>`_ from the Java community, which has been integrated to MicroEJ Central Repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`XML (EXtensible Markup Language) <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XML>`_ is used to describe data and text. It allows flexible development of user-defined document types. The format is robust, non-proprietary, persistent and is verifiable for storage and transmission. To parse this data format, the XML Pull parser `KXmlParser <http://kxml.org/>`_ from the Java community has been integrated to MicroEJ Central Repository.
```

AFAIK only one parser is available on MEJ Central Repo

	parser implementation class is class org.kxml2.io.KXmlParser
	Parsing simple sample XML
	Start document
	Start element: {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}poem
	Characters:    "\n"
	Start element: {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}title
	Characters:    "Roses are Red"
	End element:   {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}title
	Characters:    "\n"
	Start element: {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}l
	Characters:    "Roses are red,"
	End element:   {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}l
	Characters:    "\n"
	Start element: {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}l
	Characters:    "Violets are blue;"
	End element:   {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}l
	Characters:    "\n"
	Start element: {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}l
	Characters:    "Sugar is sweet,"
	End element:   {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}l
	Characters:    "\n"
	Start element: {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}l
	Characters:    "And I love you."
	End element:   {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}l
	Characters:    "\n"
	End element:   {http://www.megginson.com/ns/exp/poetry}poem
	=============== [ Completed Successfully ] ===============

	SUCCESS

JSON
----

> As described on the `JSON official site <http://json.org/>`_, JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is a lightweight data-interchange format. It is widely used in many fields for example as a mean of data serialization in lightweight web services such as REST, for server interrogation in Ajax for dynamic webpage building, or even databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described on the `JSON official site <http://json.org/>`_, JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is a lightweight data-interchange format. It is widely used in many applications such as:

- as a mean of data serialization for lightweight web services such as REST
- for server interrogation in Ajax to build dynamic webpages
- or even databases.
```
